Devops is a software development methodology which improves the collaboration between developers and operations team using various automation tool.
The process includes :
Dev -
1. Continuous Development: Plan, Code
2. Continuous Testing: Build, Test

Ops -
1. Continuous Deployment: Release, Deploy
2. Continuous Monitoring: Operate, Monitor

and Continuous integration sits between Dev and Ops.




Firmware literally means a software running inside an application specific chip
(like microcontroller). So development of such software is firmware development.

The chips I have used are microcontroller 8051, icatch V35, icatch V50, Ambrella Amba chip
The language I have used for firmware development are C, C++



Data engineering is to develop the architecture that helps analyze and process data
in the way the organization needs it, and make sure those systems are performing smoothly.

I have used:
Big data tool : ELK Stack (Elasticsearch, Kibana, Logstash)
Messaging system : Apache Kafka


Web scraping is a technique to automatically access and extract large amounts of information
from a website. This information is collected and then exported into a format that is more useful for the user.

The tool i used for web scraping are : Selenium, BeautifulSoup


Full stack development refers to the development of both front end and back end portions of an application.
This web development process involves all three layer- Presentation layer(front end part that deals with the user interface),
Business Logic Layer(back end part that deals with data validation) and the database Layer.

The tools involved are :
Frontend languages - HTML, CSS, Javascript, Jquery
Frontend Framework - VueJs
Backend languages - Python, Scala
Backend Framework - Django, Flask
DataBase - Mongo, Arango, Postgres
Webserver - Nginx
WSGI server - Gunicorn
Web Hosting - AWS


Artificial intelligence is a science like mathematics or biology. It studies ways to build intelligent programs and machines that can creatively solve problems.
People usually heard of Machine learning and Deep learning, what are them?
Machine learning is a subset of artificial intelligence (AI) that provides systems the ability to automatically learn and improve from experience.
Deep learning, is a subset of machine learning, which uses the neural networks to analyze different factors with a structure that is similar to the human neural system.

There are three main types of tasks within Machine learning and Deep learning :
Supervised learning - We need to label data, and the process of an algorithm learning from the training dataset.
Unsupervised learning - We do not need to label data, and the process of an algorithm learning will work on its own to discover information.
Semi-supervised learning - similar to supervised learning, but it only combines a small amount of labeled data with a large amount of unlabeled data during training.

Moreover, there is also Reinforcement learning which is dynamically learning by adjusting actions based in continuous feedback to maximize a reward. for example: Alpha Go.

The tool involved is :
Neural-network library : Keras
--------- company --------

Ncku:
. Work as intern in NCKU library system management department.
. Troubleshooting and repair all malfuction computers.
. Maintain and upgrade necessary softwares on computers.
. Install and reinstall operating system and necessary softwares on computers.


Ability:
. Having considerable close work experience with multinational corporation clients like Nikon, Panasonic to meet client's requirements.
. Having considerable close work experience with chip provider like iCatch and Ambarella(AMBA) with middleware improvement.
. Experience of benchmarking product on market and design specification with Nikon together.
. Design firmware architecture and conversion of abstract specifications into executable code by C language onto camera chips.
. Image processing by using OpenCV with C++ for high-quality display of image.
. Implement different functionality for images and videos like edit, display and so on with good UX.
. Implement efficient algorithms to optimize speed for UI operation of cameras.
. Make loadtesting scripts and work closely with QA to make sure every functionality on camera pass over 10k test.
. Strong troubleshooting ability to troubleshoot bug which appears in 1/10000 possibility across hardware and firmware.


Jewel:
. Develop and improve payment fraud detection system by following PCI-DSS and OWASP with CI/CD process and Scrum.
. Having considerable close work experience with Oceanpayment and gather client's requirements.
. Having considerable close work experience with NETS by delivering and deploying payment fraud detection product on premise of NETS under severe security environment.
. Plan and Conduct of upgrading production system with no downtime.
. Design and Implemented CQRS (Command Query Responsibility Segregation) by segregating the query model to an elasticsearch cluster improving the query performance of the system
. Implement Kibana Dashbords for monitoring fraudulent transactions trends and alerts.
. Provide solution for transaction laundering with 3 other members and make idea adopted by company.
. Work closely with data engineer leader and implement a scalable pluggable multi-model scoring engine for payment fraud detection using microservices with Kafka message broker, multi-model Arangodb data cluster and kubernetes which improved the overall performance of the system.


--------- product -----------

Fraudwall:
. Product in Jewelpaymentech
. Payment fraud detection product follows PCI-DSS and OWASP
. Developed by flask python framework and python following pep8
. CI/CD (Git, Ansible, Jenkins, Travis, Sonarqube, Zabbix) for Software Development lifecycle
. Apache2 as webserver
. MongoDB as NOSQL database
. AWS EC2 and S3 for web hosting
. Implement elasticsearch and kibana with CQRS as search engine


Quicksilver:
. Product in Jewelpaymentech
. Payment fraud detection scoring engine follows PCI-DSS and OWASP
. Microservices structure to separate different functionality
. Apply application container technology by using docker and kubernetes to make applications more portable and efficient
. Developed by scala with TDD(test driven development)
. CI/CD for Software Development lifecycle
. Kafka and Alpakka for message streaming
. AWS ECR, EKS and MKS for Deployment
. Arango as multi-model database


otnhotnews:
. Info
. Personal side project
. An web application that people can discuss news and make friends.
. Developed by Django python framework and python following pep8
. Apply application container technology by using docker and docker-compose to make applications more portable and efficient
. Django-channel and websocket for messaging system
. AWS EC2, S3, Route53 for web hosting
. Nginx + gunicorn as webserver
. Postgres as SQL database
. Wsgi for recieving normal requests, Asgi for recieving messages
. Redis as message broker


keymission170:
. Info https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sbGPTOa6USI
. Nikon Product developed by Ability corp (ODM)
. Developed by C
. Development on Ambarella Amba chip
. closely work with Amba chip vendor
. performance-critical  product. Implement great methods and algorithms to optimise speed and memory.
. Charge in playback all functions on camera and on monitor with hdmi
. Manipulate image and video file data to achieve various function like display, edit and so on, all playback functions that can be found on camera
. Closely design and discussion for spec with Nikon
. Loadtest and highly troubleshooting skill for extremely strict quality assurance


panasonic:
. Info https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5MLdQKI6DSM
. Panasonic Product developed by Ability corp (ODM)
. developed by C
. development on iCatch V50 chip
. closely work with iCatch chip vendor
. performance-critical product. Implement great methods and algorithms to optimise speed and memory.
. charge in playback all functions on camera and on monitor with hdmi
. Manipulate image and video file data to achieve various function like display, edit and so on, all playback functions that can be found on camera
. loadtest and highly troubleshooting skill for extremely strict quality assurance

Lego:
. Info https://youtu.be/9GhMWX2hOTw
. A combat lego robot
. Project in university
. Developed by a paid sdk provided by university (I forgot the SDK name, the programming language used like matlab)
. Control sound and vision sensor and robot's logical activity


Cactus identification:
. A competition on Kaggle (https://www.kaggle.com/c/aerial-cactus-identification/)
. Supervised learning neural networks with kekas was used
. accuracy 0.9998
. Rank 480 out of 1225 teams


nodeJs practice:
https://dna-31494.herokuapp.com/

web Scraper:
.Filter stocks which have robust financial basis:
https://github.com/realDNA/stockFilter

.Filter cheaper scoot flight ticket:
https://github.com/realDNA/webScrawler/blob/master/scootscrawler.py

.Find news and pretty girls images then share to friends:
https://github.com/realDNA/webScrawler/blob/master/catchPTTtitle_driver.py & https://github.com/realDNA/webScrawler/blob/master/emailtea.py

.Get weather information:
https://github.com/realDNA/webScrawler/blob/master/weatherscrawler.py

.Java practive:
https://github.com/realWHY/Java_Practice

.Android practice:
https://github.com/realWHY/Android-practice

.Machine learning practice:
https://github.com/realWHY/Machine-learning

.Deep learning practice:
https://github.com/realWHY/Deep_learning


Who I AM:
Having electrical engineering background, but I also like software and am working in software industry now.
Have been firmware engineer 3 years and software engineer 2 years and 7 months.
Enjoy providing robust software and firmware solutions very much.
An autodidact. Like to learn new knowledge and put it into practice.
Having solid knowledge across hardware, firmware and software.
Having master's degree of electrical engineering.
Come from Taiwan, a beautiful, democratic and enthusiastic country.


What have i done:
Develop on payment fraud detection product and scoring engine to prevent and catch fraud
Develop on sport and digital cameras for Nikon and Panasonic
Optimize performance and features on products
Deliver mission-critical and time-critical products
Attend Kaggle AI competition
Self-motivated to learn new technologies and get hands dirty



Believe:
Use my ability to contribute to the world and change the game.
Lifetime learning is way important and keep sticking to it
Stay hungry, stay foolish
Get hands dirty and try to fail as more as possible. Mistake is always a good teacher
Happiness comes from how much you can impact others, how much value you provide to others


ncku EE:
.Major in Control engineering
. Thesis : Optimal Iterative-Learning Control with Disturbances
- Thesis abstraction http://etds.lib.ncku.edu.tw/etdservice/view_metadata?etdun=U0026-2807201420214000&query_field1=&query_word1=Optimal%20Iterative-Learning%20Control%20with%20Disturbances
- Implemented to deal with steady state error from a known or an unknown system with disturbances.
- Design a prediction-based digital observer to estimate the states from the system and then apply OECILC.
- Apply Observer/Kalman filter identification to deal with unknow systems (an blackbox system we only know input and output).
- Digital redesign to design the controller to improve performance.
- Lower degree system model from OKID to control higher degree real system with OECILC.
. Tool used - Matlab

ncku ES:
	Cadre of Pop Dance Club - Education officer
	Coordinate and manage affairs for over 300 members with other 10+ cadres.
	arranged educational program and teaching for members.
	Hold big activities like the end of the semester performance, public dance battle sessions and so on.

